---
layout:     post
title:      Resume
date:       2020-05-27 3:00:10
author:     Sebastian Moreno
summary:    This is the most up to date version of my resume
categories: Resume
thumbnail: resume
tags:
 - demo
 - action
 - carte
 - noire
---

## <ins>**EDUCATION**</ins>
## The University of Texas at Dallas at austin
* B.S. _Computer Science_
* _Aug 2018 - Dec 2021_


## <ins>**WORK EXPERIENCE**</ins>
## **Internship at Citi** - Irving, Texas
* _Summer Analyst_
* _June 2020 - Aug 2020_
* I will be interning at Citibank for summer 2020 and will be a part of the Enterprise Infrastructure Operations and Technology program (EIO&T).

## **Goldman Sachs Engineering Essentials** - New York City
* _Participant_
* _June 2020 – July 2020_
* Highly selective undergraduate camp hosted virtually due to covid – 19. I will be receiving technical experience, industry insights, and networking opportunities.

## **Warby Parker** - Plano, Texas
* _Sales Advisor/Optician Assistant_
* _March 2018 – January 2020_
* Read optical prescription, used a pupilometer to take the customers pupillary distance. Interpreted the customer’s prescription and ensured that the frame they selected could be fulfilled.

## <ins>**LEADERSHIP AND ACTIVITIES**</ins>

## **Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers at UT Dallas** - Richardson, Texas
* _Member_
* _August 2018 - Present_
* Attended multiple networking and monthly events held on campus.
* Bilingual, fluent in English and Spanish.


## <ins>**PROJECTS**</ins>

## [**E-commerce System**][1] - _C++_
* This project reads in a CSV file with multiple products containing a 5-digit identifier, the product number, quantity, and the cost. The program features include the option for the user to become the admin of the program and unlocks the ability for the user to add/delete items completely or change the quantity of certain products. This program uses a linked list of inventory objects to store the products and create a shopping cart.
* Check out my [E-commerce System here][1]

## [**Check Stock Price**][2] - _Python_
* The user can enter a ticker symbol and a target desired price. The script then checks the current market price as often as the user would like, and then notifies via email when the target price has been acquired.
* Check out this project [here][2]

## [**Smart Mirror**][3] - _JavaScript_
* Project for HackTX 2019, at the University of Texas at Austin.
* Check out this project [here][3]

## <ins>**RELEVANT COURSES**</ins>
## <ins>**Classes Taken**</ins>
* CS 2336 Computer Science 2
* CS 3340 Computer Architecture
* CS 3341 Probability/Stats in CS
* Calculus 1 & 2

## <ins>**Classes for Spring 2020**</ins>
* CS 3305 Discrete Math 2
* CS 3345 Data Structures and Algorithms
* CS 3377 C/C++ in a Unix Environment

[1]: https://github.com/sebastian-exe/E-commerce-System
[2]: https://github.com/sebastian-exe/check-stock-price
[3]: https://github.com/sebastian-exe/Smart-Mirror
